Describe Your Process: I wanted to explore the use of multiple AI models in conjunction without neccessarily using an agentic setup. I began with building out the core physics model and plotting features. I then worked on checking style and major errors. Then I added quality of life features and debugged them. Finally, I ran an overarching check on the code architecture, fixing logic issues and setup

What AI Tools/Strategies Did I Use: I used a combo of Claude Sonnet 5.4, Gemini 3.1 Pro, and ChatGPT Pro in that order to complete the above tasks. I wanted to explore a blend of the agentic and browser based approaches, almost manually using the different models as different agents. It also tied nicely into my first project in this class, where I had ChatGPT work on existing code I had for my portfolio.
While my first attempt in Project 1 went poorly, I am pleasantly surprised with the amount of progress AI models have made injust a few months, and the project worked surprisingly great.

Why Did I make the Choice Above?: I specifically wanted to take this approach because I felt there was something missing about both the browser based setup and the agentic setup. The browser based setup had a limited context window and often struggled with reacalling previous info. I also had to spend significant time inserting fixes manually into the code, instead of just having the AI do it.
The agentic approach felt a bit too out of my control, and I didn't like the limited interaction I had with it. I think this approach of using different models as agents worked well in that it gave me much more control while still having that agentic feel. However, I feel I still spent a lot of time manually copy pasting and interpreting fixes the AI suggested while I could have been focused on higher level code architecture.

What Changed compared to Pre 15-113: Coming into this class, I was not confident inmy ability to produce such large and complicated projects. The scope of the physics model, plotting, and code logic of this project is beyond anything I have done so far. While of course this is partly due to the improvement in AI models, I also believe a large part of
it has been this class. With this project, I felt confident in controlling the AI, guiding the AI with what changes to make, suggesting overall architecture decisions, and stopping it from getting distracted.

What Might I Do With More Time: With more time, I want to make this calculator more parameterized. I would like to add functionality such that someone can consider dynamic load transfer under steering conditions, run sweeps for various different steering geometries (paramterized sweep for variables in the config file), and more advanced data analysis features (Pareto fronts, etc.)
